assignment git
12th July
1: try git commands under the git cheat sheet
https://education.github.com/git-cheat-sheet-education.pdf
specially look for a differnce between the command git pull and git fetch

2: go through git branching strategy 

https://medium.com/@dmosyan/version-control-branching-strategies-e68e8d5ef1e0


3: currently you are using https as authentucation method but try to explore
ssh method for authenitcation


4: try to create the branches dev,qa,prod and apply the branching policies


18th July
1. create a self hosted runner laptop
2. in which scenerios you should use self hosted and github runners
3. create a artifac and check if you can see packages


19th July
1. create a code for ec2 instance with security group attached
2. try to search for other terraform commands and there purposes
like 
terraform fmt
terraform validate
3. optional( check how we create multiple s3 buckets)

date 25th july
assignment terraform
1. try to create multiple resource using for each loop
2. try to use terraform modules and create resources
3. you need to create the terraform code for below resources
  a. jenkins and ansible (2 ec2 instances)
  b. create code for ecr (docker)
  c. create a code for kubernetes cluster ( kubernetes)

date 26th July
assignment jenkins
1. explore the options under the free style project in jenkins
2. create a simple shell script which will create a folder1 and file in the folder1, then create another folder2, at the end the file whould be copied from folder 1 to folder 2
3. try to run the above script using the jenkins free style project
4. see the console output if everything is successful then manually check on ec2 instance the folder and files should exists

date 1st august
assignment jenkins
1. try to create the agent in jenkins and use in your pipeline to run the jobs
2. try to create a terraform pipeline, whenver you run the pipeline it should create the resources on aws
additional take inputs from the user like
if user has entered input as plan then only plan stage should run, if user gived input as apply then apply should run and if user gives the input as destroy then the resources should be destroyed


date 2nd august
assignment ansible
1. try to create a conditions bases playbook
example

your playbook should check if the target machine os is windows then install the java verison 21
if your target machine os is linux then install the java version as 17

2. check if my public ip address is frequently changing then what are the alternate ways and try to implement the dynamic ip address concept

3. try to study about ansible tower and awx